Hi.
This is Craig Golightly,
and welcome to Deploying to Your Oracle Container Engine for Kubernetes Cluster.
To deploy an image from your Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Registry to
your Oracle Container Engine for Kubernetes cluster,
you'll need a couple of things: a secret and a deployment.
Once your app is running,
you'll need a service to access it from outside of the cluster.
We're going to walk through an initial deployment,
as well as how to update your deployment with a new image when your app changes.
To create a secret, use kubectl create secret docker-registry.
You can specify any value for secret name.
This will be used to reference the secret in the deployment.
For example, I'll use ocirsecret.
You're going to use some of the same values from the docker login,
docker tag, and docker push commands we covered last module.
The value for Docker server is region- code.ocir .io.
This is the server where your Docker registry is located.
Phx.ocir .io references the Docker registry in the US West Phoenix region.
Docker-username is a combination of tenancy-namespace/oci-username.
Here's what one might look like.
Docker-password is the oci-auth-token that you downloaded from your account.
Here is an example of that token.
Finally, email address is required,
but the actual email doesn't matter so just make sure
that it's filled in with something.
With this information,
Kubernetes will know where the registry is and be able to
authenticate with it to pull the image.
Let's create the secret.
I'll call it ocirsecret.
The secret was created so let's move on to the next step.
We're going to define a couple of items in a YAML configuration file.
First, a deployment.
This allows Kubernetes to pull the image from your repository and
deploy it onto the nodes in your node pool.
Second, a service, specifically a load balancer.
This is what will expose the application externally and distribute
requests to the different pods in your cluster.
Let's take a look at a sample configuration file so you can see how it works.
Let's take a look at the YAML file to understand the deployment and the service.
Notice we're starting with three replicas.
This will launch three pods with the Docker image running the app.
Be sure to modify line 18 with the region code for your instance,
your tenancy-namespace, repo-name, image-name,
and tag.
You'll also need to enter the name of the secret you created on line 23.
You won't need to make any changes to the service unless you've renamed something in the deployment.